Come on, the bride price
Su Family Bride Price to Value 1 billion
Some gold bars
5 sets of armed police villas
10 luxury cars
And a tens of billions of orders.
Mom
Are you serious?
Gorgeous, do you remember?
Mom told you
The one I found for you
He is no one else
It's Xia Meng in front of you
What!
How is that possible?
Aunt Su, are you mistaken?
I was married.
How can I be worthy of the rich young master?
Our house is gorgeous
I know Keyan papers all day long
I've never been in love since I grew up
I used to wonder if he liked men
Although you are divorced
But you have a kind heart.
It is countless times stronger than those women with ulterior motives
And gorgeous?
This piece of dead wood
You need an experienced woman to guide you
Mom, stop talking nonsense
It's none of your business that I talk to my daughter-in-law
Yanli is going abroad to attend an academic conference in two days
I'll give you a wedding when she comes back
Mom, when the time comes
We want you to become our entire country
The most beautiful bride
hold a wedding
Fu Yanling said something.
I agree.
Since you want to do it
Just do it to the highest specifications
Ahahaha
I don't know yet
That wedding
Will become the most important part of my life
Worst nightmare